Test/improve tests execution (#1118)
kernelci/dashboard: backend/README.md

The backend includes unit tests covering some parts of the source code. To run the tests, use the following command:

```sh

> poetry run pytest -n 4 --dist loadscope --reruns 4

Reviewer: remove these flags that are now default from the example so anyone reading understands that it can only run `poetry run pytest` but also add somewhere an explanation that we have these default flags and that's why it behaves like that

```

> This command runs the tests, splitted into 4 processes. Each process runs a test file. If a test fail, for some reason, it retry, at most 4 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command runs the tests, splitted into 4 processes. Each process runs a test file. If a test fails, for some reason, it's retried up to 4 times.
```

poetry run pytest
```

> This command runs the tests, splitted into 4 processes. Each process runs a test file. If a test fails, for some reason, it's retried up to 4 times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command runs the tests, splitted into 4 processes. Each process runs a test file. If a test fails, for some reason, it's retried up to 4 times. This behavior is due to the flags we are passing to `addopts` in the `pyproject.toml` settings file.
```

poetry run pytest
```

> This command runs the tests, splitted into 4 processes. Each process runs a test file. If a test fails, for some reason, it's retried up to 4 times.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command runs the tests, splitted into 4 processes. Each process runs a test file. If a test fails for any reason, it's retried up to 4 times.
```
Saying "for some reason" between commas sounds like we don't know why the test is retried

`--run-all` flag:

```sh

> poetry run pytest -n 4 --dist loadscope --reruns 4 --run-all

Reviewer: ditto about removing the flags
